Family

Egberts early life was filled with joy and play despite living with his always serious, politically inclined but loving father Ermentor The Marquis of Marlowe, his mother, Sindilla and his brother Einar - 4 years his senior. 
Egberts father was a well known noble in Marlowe, often lobbying for increased support for the beggars in the city - this included criticising the King openly much to the disdain of the Royal house and other nobles. Egbert carries his fathers political notes during this time as it is one of the few items he possesses to remember him. Ermentor documented many attempts on his life but never gave up.

One of the few times Ermentor spent time with Egbert was walking home with him after knight school everyday. Ermentor told Egbert of his dreams for Marlowe and how his work was close to a major breakthrough in the region speaking of a willing patron to aid his ideas of building a homeless shelter in the city centre. Shortly after this news, Egbert and Ermentor were attacked by masked bandits. Ermentor commanding Egbert to run, he did so and waited until he could no longer hear the clashing metal and screams of civilians in the area. Upon returning to his father, he saw 6 dead bandits and his father face down in the dirt. Standing over him was a man as tall as his father at 8ft tall in plate armour, who ran at the sight of Egbert. Before dying, Ermentor gave Egbert his notebook, signet ring and a proud smile before fading away. The circumstances and motive of the attack remain mysterious to Egbert. 
Following this, Einar became leader of the house. Everything changed. The brother that helped guide Egbert through the trials and responsibilities of being a young noble boy became cold. Never home. Talked constantly of conquest and how it was his responsibility to crush the disrespectful whispers of other nobles about their house behind their back. He wished to conquer the world and Egbert knew he could. Einar left with Ermentors armour and the Rosen Pike - family heirloom. This was the last time Egbert saw his brother he loved and admired. 


Origin of nobility

An old noble family with routes going back hundreds of years in Marlowe, they found their place in the world through raising and breeding griffins for royalty. Their name gained prominence in the Human-Goblin wars of 934 DR - 938 DR where my ancestor - Cornelius Roseheart wielding the Rosen Pike (A magical double sided spear) and riding a Griffon named Moranis (*wink*), turned the tide in favour of the elves by flanking the goblins as they overwhelmed the castle walls, securing victory for the Humans (insert royal elven name here) 


Giant?

The Rosehearts ancient history is shrouded in mystery. Whispers around Marlowe as old as time about their unnatural size and potential Giant origin distract from their otherwise prideful house. Little is known about the bloodline but the ribbing from other noble children caused a fascination of giants for Egbert as a young boy much to the displeasure of his family. He was regularly caught reading books about the Giant race, and over time learned to speak Giant.



Life after Ermentor

From the death of his father and loss of his brother, Egbert struggled with direction. His vacant mind was a worry to his mother. Out of options she sent him to live with the Clerics of Freya, as she did as a young girl. 

Freya is the goddess of love, unbridled passion, and human fertility. In the sense that passion is a hot, consuming emotion, she is also associated with fire. She is the patroness of a type of magic called “seithr,” in which the sorceress enters a trance in order to answer questions about the future. As the goddess of fertility, Freya also looks after women in labour. She has the power to kindle passion in any being, to control fires anywhere on Midgard, to see the future, to bless any woman with a child, and to alleviate pain and injury. Freya also has a beautiful fur-lined cloak that allows her to turn into a falcon. In her true form, Freya is a voluptuous woman of entrancing beauty.

With this new guidance and passion, Egbert lived there from the age of 15 to 21. In this time he worked to finish his fathers work. After the clerics left, he gained notoriety as a healer and used his family wealth to convert the decaying Freya temple into a housing complex for the beggars of the city, educating them and sending them out as messengers for the surrounding noble houses. This cleared Marlowe and the surrounding noble lands of beggars and the King that had detested Ermentor as a thorn in his side, knighted Egbert and put him to works as a travelling healer-knight aiding those in need. Keenly aware of his responsibility to the people, Egbert took his Oath of Devotion at the age of 25. Whenl he met Sindra in Baldurs gate, he felt compelled to use his power to help those affected by the death curse and swore to devote his life to ending it. 


